chore: Update README.md for Contributors section to match the other repos (#109)
unoplatform/workshops: README.md

Refer to [this page](test-docs.md) to learn more about how to test the workshops.

# Contributors

> Thanks go to these wonderful people (List made with [contrib.rocks](https://contrib.rocks)):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Thank you to these wonderful people (List made with [contrib.rocks](https://contrib.rocks)):
```
